"Crushes Hopes of Learning Japanese","I made the mistake of asking someone to buy this software as a gift, since I really wanted to start learning Japanese. Nothing but problems. First, it seems more advanced, but that's not it. It may seem advanced but it's really only poorly designed and does not function properly.As someone has already mentioned, the lessons don't work when you click on them. Also, there is no sense involved with the usability. Zero stars for ease of use.Instant Immersion Japanese Deluxe probably crushed my hopes of trying to learn Japanese. Stay away from this product at all costs, it is enirely misleading. I suggest you check around Amazon for books/software that really do help you, as I'll be doing the same."
"Out of date.","This product uses a cable that is out of date with todays computers.Needs to be a USB not the old serial port on old computers.I don't think any manufactures put these ports on their models anymore.Software needs to be more interactive."
"Don't buy it.","Granted, I've had the heater for a couple of years now... But for this price, the thing should last for years, walk the dogs, and babysit my kids if it's not actually going to heat my home office (10'x12'). Implication being that it doesn't heat my office. Exactly. The heater never worked well, and now it doesn't work at all. It turns on. And it blows warm air ineffectively for anywhere from 2.5 seconds to a minute, then it shuts itself off and doesn't come back on until you've completely forgotten about its existence and your hands are small blocks of ice. It absolutely will not stay on - but even when it was new and stayed on a little longer, it was pathetic. Complete junk. No idea where the receipt is. May roof test it because the entertainment I'd get for that would be worth well more than the little puffs of warm air it erratically produces."
"Honeywell Surround Heater","Does a great job at what it was meant for. Second one I bought. This one was for a friend."
"~~Amazing~~","I've read the whole series twice now, and it still continues to enchant me. I know it sounds crazy, but what i wouldn't give to be able to have sunrunner powers...don't disregard me as a complete lunatic yet though...just think about it...and for all of you who havn't read any of these books, all i have to say is start from the beginning and enjoy it. I really got into these books because they are all so real, especially Rohan and Sioned...their relationship is PERFECT!! Ok, so i should stop before i give away the whole thing...ITS SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Not Sandra's Best","Ms. Brown has written better romance novels. Don't give up on her if this was your first Sandra book.The feeble female lead struggles with a 15-year crush that walks back into her life. The smug male lead acts like a jerk through most of the novel. The romance scenes grapple to muster up passion but fall short. Both of the main characters bothered me; my favorite character was the 17-year old.A quick read...about 4 hours (with interruptions) for me...but probably not worth it."
"just bad","Okay, this book even started off bad. i can't and won't finish it because it's so typical of all romance novels. I feel bad because Sandra Brown is not a bad author, she has the ability to write a good book. I am not one of her biggest fans and I don't search out her work, but the couple I have listened to were pretty good, unfortunately this book is not one of them.Skip this unless you just like the typical, silly romance novel."
"MUCHA DEMORA!!""!!!!!!!!!!!!!","Por qué tanta demora???? no deberían anunciar el producto si no tienen definida la fecha de lanzamiento.....desde el Julio que están cambiando la fecha......hasta el Jueves decía que se vendía desde el 05 Sept. 2008,ahora dice el 23 de Sept.......muy mal!!!!"
"Wrong Language","The cover said the disc was in English. When I start to play it, it was in Spanish.Go figure this one out."
"Sony TV disappointed me... I'll never buy SONY TV again!!!","I always loved Sony TV until I have this one. It's a big disappointment. At first the TV was working just fine, then it start to turn off by itseft. Sometimes, it turn off itself right after I just turn on. Then one day it just won't turn on at all. I thought the lamp was bad, so I replace the lamp but that didn't fix the problems. Called Sony and was told this is out of warranty because I have the TV a little bit over 2 years. They gave me a couple numbers to call for repair. They found out the circuit board of the TV is bad and the total call to fix this TV is $730. Plus they also told me the light engine will be next to be broken too. SONY TV SUCKS!!! I'll never buy SONY TV again!!!"
"most realistic sub sim to date","The cover of the game photo shows a real conning tower with waves washing over it in a choppy sea. Very real! Unlike sub command with the cartoonish depiction, just what is E.A. thinking? I Highly recommend this game, well worth the bang per buck."
"Weak WrestleMania","Hogan vs. Slaughter is definitely the worst WrestleMania main event of all time (so far). They were both old and slow, even back in this 1991 match. By the time this match happened, the Gulf War had been over for months anyway. Ultimate Warrior vs. Randy Savage was a classic, though. The other title matches were weak as well. I would have rather seen LOD vs. The Hart Foundation for the tag titles. All in all, this was not a great PPV, but it had it's moments."
"Okay, I guess","I saw this show live in 1991, and the only match that really grabbed me was Macho v. Warrior. The match had a great storyline, Warrior's best in ring work, and drama. The rest was really uninspired, especially the thrown together main event. Hogan v. Slaughter, well it wasn't quite what I anticipated for a main event back then. It could have been Iraqi turncoat Brooklyn Brawler v. Jingoistic jerk Hulk Hogan, because god knows Slaughter was a jobber with a one-time shot at the big time. The match was okay, but the storyline was disturbing considering actual people were getting killed in a war."
"Disappointed in Atlanta","DO NOT buy these HP Lightscribe discs. They are unreliable. My PC recovery discs (2 different sets) have both failed.For absolute top quality DVD+R media or CDs, buy Taiyo-Yuden. I believe that Amazon sells these, or others do too. They're slightly more expensive, but you will not have failures."
"didn't work","sorry for the toy, but didn't work at all for me, had to return it, the only good about this toy is the fake mouse."
"Exactly what I wanted","This product came through as exactly how it was stated and exactly how I wanted it. I was even able to make it work like a backpack and use the bottom hook n straps to go over my shoulders. It gave great back support and even helped when sitting on the ground. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it could use some more padding for your butt."
"Doesn't even install","I played this game on my friend's PS2 a long time ago, and wanted to try it for myself. Unfortunately, the game won't even install. Says I don't have a fast enough processor, even though it's a core i5 at 2.5 ghz. Waste of my $10."
"Be careful what you wish for","William Thornhill gets his wish but at what price? New South Wales in its early days as a penal colony provides the setting for this story of second chances, not all of which have a happy ending. I enjoyed getting to know the characters and struggled with them as they made a new life for themselves."
"The Secret River by Thornhill","It is really dreary and depressing. I am having a hard time getting through it. Didn't anyone have any fun back then."
"River of Tears","Kate Grenville is one of the great writers of Australia. The Secret River is a story which allows the reader to experience the harsh and spartan life of the early English settlers of Sydney and the Hawkesbury; ignorant and uneducated people who had no understanding of how to survive in their new country, and who were blind to the bush skills of the aboriginal people whos land they simply inhabited as a god given right. The book delivers compassion for the brutal treatment of the first nation people and exhausting anger at the ignorance and arrogance of the invaders."
"Excellent explanations of difficult topics","The author, David Kahn does a superb job of explaining in clear, simple, casual manner many of the more difficult topics cover on the AP Calculus exams. He provides numerous step-by-step instructions of how to master many types of problems and also gives a lot of quick tips and tricks. He has obviously had much experience teaching this course. This book is amazingly easy, even fun, to read. There are numerous examples, practice problems and actual exam-type questions. I found this book organized and written in a way that makes it stand out from all other books of its type. I especially found it more readable and useful than the long-time favorite in its class - Baron's AP Calc. Review."
"Great practical examples","I really benefited from this bookj because it contains very good examples of how to build a db api in java. The only downside is that there's no CD and no link to download the source code."
"Great Video Collection","There are some weak points in this DVD, such as the fact that some of the pieces played shouldn't be labeled ""jazz"" at all as they fit more into the folk or new age genre. Also, Duck Baker's selections aren't his best efforts in my opinion. But the good far outweighs the bad for sure. Martin Taylor and Tommy Crook's performances alone are worth the price of the disc. Check out Crook's ""Melody of Birdland"" where he actually plays a bass solo on his guitar while adding vamp chords. Incredible! Also, MT does a brief demonstration of his approach to arranging jazz standards like ""I Got Rhythm"" that is mind-boggling. Taylor's cuts are taken from a live performance (the same setting as his ""In Concert"" DVD) while the others are studio tapings. The audio and video are excellent and the performances are first rate. Add this one to your fingerstyle collection."
"Save your money or gift certificate","This book got so many five stars, I took a chance. But it was unreadable for me. I stuck with it for 40 pages and it is the kind of book I never like. A hodgepodge of introducing too many characters and I didn't care about any of them. So if you like depth of character and plot right off the bat, pass this one up. I am donating it to the library."
"Great Film!","A great flick!A definite MUST for your collection!This movie has great acting, a great story, and KILLER MUSIC!ENJOY!"
"Inadequate Notice of CD Protection","I cannot comment on the quality of the music on this CD as it will not play on my work CPU. Had I know this prior to my purchase, I would not have bought it, as I listen to purchased music or internet radio 6-10 hours a day while at work. There was NO INFO in the product description to give me a heads-up about this situation. Annoying, very annoying!!"
"MIchael Buble serenades","This young man has a great talent. He brings back the styles of Frank Sinatra, Bobby Darrin, and Mel Torme with his own twist. I hope he will continue to mix old songs with new and bring to the younger public the great style of the past masters."
"A word to the detractors;","So you like Frank and Bobby better? Quite a left-handed insult. Although it's fair to say that Buble' comes from that style, (and who could be interested in this kind of music without listening to a -lot- of Sinatra?), it's also apparent to me that this guy just opens his mouth and -sings-, naturally and musically. Some people aren't built to punk out, guys. Let's allow two or three saloon singers to have a career ."
"Love His Style !","Michael Buble sings music I like, somewhat similar to Harry Connick and Michael Feinstein. I think he can make any song sound good."
"Swings, but too high","Buble's take on swing is Frank Sinatra by way of Wayne Newton. The voice is tremendous, but he can't seem to hold on to the intimacy; he starts out slow and low, but then the music takes on a hard-edged, brassy sound that never fails to remind me of Vegas, for some reason. Too showy."
"Excellent background music","I bought all his CD's for my salon. This music is great for continuous play. Lovely background music people will find themselves humming or singing along to."
"buble blows","no sense of authenticity here, I don't believe him for a second when he sings these lyrics . . . truly unbelievable. His sense of pitch, phrasing, and swing are not impeccable, not natural.... i don't get why some love his kid . . . they must have never heard the real deal"
"Outstanding!","I had heard a few of Michael Buble's songs and thought I'd try out a CD. This CD is all I listen to now! The songs are timeless and very relaxing, but up beat to listen to. A must-buy!"
"I lkie it","As usual, his voice is so smooth and calm, and the price of the CD is so cheap, can't beat the price"
"Michael Bublé...","I wish Frank Sinatra could have heard this young man sing. I'd like to think that he'd be impressed! Four stars!"
"Absolute perfection!","To the poster who said Michael Buble needs to get his own voice--my suggestion is to go watch him in concert and you will have more than enough evidence that he has his own style, own voice and own mark on all of these standard tracks! I love his voice, and he loves singing this style of music. It all comes from the heart with Mr. Buble. To listen to his cd is a relaxing, romantic and uplifting experience, but to get the full impact of his voice, see him in concert! He will lift the roof!!"
"Nice voice but not the original","I think he's got a real nice voice and the selection of songs in this album is good but I just think that he didn't really make the songs his... for example The Way You Look Tonight is a total copycat of Sinatra's ... and you know whoever goes against Frank LOSES MISERABLY...So nice effort to bring old classics to the new generations but it's definitely NOT- and I repeat NOT anything like the originals... and this comes from a 23 year-old..."
"Enough rain already!!","The music on this CD is simple but varied, from Irish jigs to some ballads. But every piece has the sound of rain in the background... every piece, all the way through. I come from a climate with a lot of rain (not Ireland), but even a desert-dweller would get the idea after a couple of pieces in background, and an interlude or two. It made me glad when the last piece was finished. This one was fine for a single listening, but no more than that for me."
"10 Cola Nuts","An excellent musical experience blending traditional Mandingo music with jazz. Once described by An African-American in Senegal as ""smokin' hot."""
"Zero stars should be an option for this product","This is the worst software product that I've ever owned, bar none!!! It has no systematic plan of instruction and it thrust the user into language tranlation situations right out of the chute, with out even the slightest preparation.As a primer it is totally worthless. It doesn't begin with an overview of the alphbet, nor a review of basics of French grammar, nor does it deal with the elements of sentence structure. It jumps right into conversational translation without the least bit of preparation.If you are a beginner, steer clear of this product. It's a waste of your time and your money. Never have I encountered a more frustrating software product. Were I the developer, I would not want my name associated with this product."
"Works great","This is being used almost daily and has been a real hit. Previously prescription patches were being used and these produce better results."
"Unique!!!","What a great CD, can't get enough of it, what a mix of great Lounge Music with a very delight sound to your ears of Tango, (Argentinean folk music.) Just Great, Unique!!!"
"Buenos Aires - don't buy this CD","I have several of the Frequent Flyer CD's and they are great, so I was very surprised when I played this one. What a dissappointment - monotonus and boring. Don't waste your time with this CD it is poorly done, poorly recorded and just plain boring."
"Well worth reading!!!","Gary Linderer's Phantom Warriors II is a stirring tribute to the LRP/ Rangers of the Vietnam war with stories and accounts from soldiers who had served with these remarkable units. More than this it also takes the reader along on the harrowing patrols and points out page by page another proud legacy of the US Army's 75th Rangers. Linderer has done more than anyone I know to help tell the stories of the LRP/Rangers in Vietnam and should be applauded for his efforts. Buy this book. You won't be disappointed."
"Very Marcinko-like","The stories are so-so. This book, like the others of Linderer's offers no proof and is not a scholarly work. No cited resources to double-check the stories written herein. I found this a waste of money. Too many pages on the 101st Lerpies that according to the book 'THE HISTORY OF THE MACV RECONDO SCHOOL' by, Tom Halliwell had the highest drop-out rate of any other unit in RVN going through the course."
"Please Do Not Buy This Game","WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It contains a bug in the middle levels that freezes the game everytime you play. This is crap CRAP CRAP!! Please don't buy this game for the sake of humanity and excellent games. Spit on it!!"
"Streaming froze after one minute and 15 seconds","Instant video streaming froze after one minute and fifteen seconds and would not restart. There was no way to request a refund except by submitting a written review. Streaming of other instant videos has been OK with the same computer setup but the Bugs Bunny Road Runner Movie did not stream properly. I am out $2.99 and disappointed with this experience."
"Beethoven: Sinfonia n. 8 / Brahms: Sinfonia n. 2","On this Ermitage recording we get to hear a 1958 recording with conductor Hans Knappertsbush who leads the Munchner Philharmoniker . The first piece we get to hear is Ludwig van Beerhoven's Sinfonia n. 8 and the second is Johannes Brahms Sinfonia number 2. The booklet does contain music notes. However, unfortunately these were only Italian. Still, this is a very fine recording. Recommended. 4 out of 5."
"2 thumbs up!!!","I was really amazed by all the features of this software, and it is still very affordable.The best feature is without a doubt the speech recognition, indeed, the software is able to understand your voice, and then correct your mistakes!It is also very complete and includes very interactive and fun activities.It is really a pleasure to use this package."
"Jazz Lover Must-Have","A beautiful blend of styles, textures, voices, orchestration, and colors. Sit back with a bottle of wine and enjoy, or perfect for a party. Looking forward to the next album..."
